handle some fixmes

how to test the stock and discard piles to see that I have the
flipping and reversing done properly ???
need to compare to another working implementation
would need to duplicate the shuffle
search for saved game representations
maybe there is a standard text file for this

need a way to represent all possible moves in text
could use T1-3 to T2
or "move three of hearts onto four of clubs"
probably more user friendly

need a way to show on screen all possible sources and destinations of moves
probably handle the stock with special notation, not a simple move


there needs to be a "debug" display trait for Card.
A dumb, not colorized, way to show a card in text.
Not sure any of internal text abbreviations are appropriate.


disable some tests that clutter output with no info

rename main and move to bin directory
it is now clear that there will be several front-ends to the game
of varying sophistication and various UI platforms

get rid of un-needed crates added

track down some bit hack references
https://medium.com/techie-delight/top-bit-manipulation-hacks-a9a1c5536dc9
https://catonmat.net/low-level-bit-hacks
https://emre.me/computer-science/bit-manipulation-tricks/
https://www.techiedelight.com/bit-manipulation-hacks/

Figure out if the high speed of shuffle is real or if the bulk of code
has been optimized away, because results are not being used.

test random numbers are really random
check deck shuffle is really random

benchmark deck::new() and other similar functions to make sure the
compiler has optimized them into tables.

improve performance tests so they all are concatenated into a dated
log, which can be put into version control and compared to later runs.

----------------------------
benchmark the random number generator for time
  also for runs test.  The range 0..2 on integers may not be well tested

statistics with runs increasing and decreasing according to NIST docs.

benchmark the shuffle function.  A lot of testing is needed.
So it needs to be fast.

function to print a deck in unicode.
can unicode be displayed on console, can font be added to console.

Make a pretty print function for cards.  Possibly with colors.

experiment with functions that merely initialize a table.
See how complicated it can get and still be done at compile time.

